# Jewelry
Check them, who made them and the condition of the workers.


+ ALL THE JEWELRY, LIKE EARRINGS AND ALL THAT PENETRATE YOUR BODY GIRL, HAS A SOUL OR SPIRIT. FOR EXAMPLE, IF THE MINERS HAD A DISEASE OR AN HABIT, THE STONE OR THING THAT IS MADE OF THE JEWELRY, AND THE JEWELRER OR THE PERSON THAT CREATES THE JEWL OR THE PERSON THAT EVER TOUCHED IT OR THE STAFF THAT EVER WAS IN "FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME", "FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME", "FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME","FUCKING DO NOT TOUCH ME", TOUCH OF IT HAS THAT SOUL OR SPIRIT.

+ THE SAME HAPPENS TO ANY RIBBON OR "RED RIBBON", "RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON","RED RIBBON",THE ENEMY OF GOKU?.

+ SO, THE THING IS, THAT THE PERSON, MIGHT HAVE NEVER BEEN RACIST FROM THE START, AND THAT WAS TRANSMITTED FROM LITTLE BY LITTLE, BY WEARING THE JEWEL, RING, EARRING, OR ANY OTHER THING, BECAUSE THE PERSON IN CHARGE OF THE COMPANY WAS SO, WHEREAS SMART, OR 


+ A WAY TO REMOVE THIS FEELING OR SPIRIT, IS EASY IN THE CASE OF RIBBONS, SILK, OR ANY OTHER CLOATH GARMENT, JUST REMOVE IT AND PUT IT INTO A BLACK BAG, THE SAME HAPPENS IF YOU TRANSLATE WORDS IN THE GOOGLE TRANSLATOR. IF THE CREATOR OF THE GOOGLE TRANSLATOR IS EVIL OR THE PEOPLE THAT WORK IN IT ARE DISGUSTING OR ANYTHING RELATED, THAT FEELING PASSES OR GOES TROUGH THE PERSON ALSO, LIKE A PAINTING FEELING TO SOMEONE ELSE, THE SAME HAPPENS IF YOU LIFE IN A PLACE WHERE A SOUL OR SPIRIT DID NOT WANTED YOU TO LIVE WITH OR ALLOWED YOU TO ENTER THERE HAPPY OR YOU ENTER THE PLACE FOR THE FIRST TIME WITH AN UGLY FEELING THAT THE ENTITY OR SOUL OR ANIMA OR SPIRIT DID NOT LIKE, THE SAME THING HAPPENS IN SPACE AND IN OTHER PLANET OR SUNS LIGHT OR STARS OR BLACK HOLES OR DIMENSIONAL SPACES CREATED TO GO THROUGH SPACE OR TO ANOTHER UNIVERSES OR PLANES OF EXISTENCE OR THOSE THAT CRE ATED THEM, THAT YOU LOOK IN THE SKY OR KEEP LOOKING MOST OF THE TIME, THEY ALSO HAVE SPIRITS OR SOULS IN IT, THE FEELING IS INPERCEPTIBLE AT FIRST, THEN YOU KNOW IT, BY TALKING TO IT, AND BE ALLOWED TO LET YOURSERLF GO WITH THE FEELING AND IT MOVES YOU AND TALKS TO YOU IF YOU LET YOURSELF GO AFTER YOU ASK A QUESTION TO THAT ENTITY OR SOUL OR SPIRIT OR BEING OR LIGHT OR DARKNESS, ALL OF THEM ARE FRIENDS, EVEN THOSE THAT DIED NOT GOOD, THE THING IS TO GET ALONG WITH THEM AND GIVE THEM THEIR RESPECT, A PLACE TO LIVE, A WAY TO REST, NOT BIBLE SHIT! IN MANY CASES, BECAUSE MIGHT BE SPIRITS THAT NEVER BELIEVED IN IT AND ARE VERY ANGRY WITH THAT THINGS.

+ THE PIRATES THAT OR PEOPLE OR PERSONS THAT INVADED BEACHES OF THE PACIFIC SIDE OF THE COAST OF ACAPULCO, THAT LINKS TO THE PACIFIC OCEAN, WHERE PEOPLE RELATED TO PROTECT OR TEST THE PERSON FAITH OR BELIEVE AND THEY BECAUSE OF THAT FACE A LOT OF CHALLENGES IN THEIR LIFE AND DO NOT LIVE IN PEACE, BECAUSE THEY ARE THE PERSONS THAT ARE IN CHARGE OF THE FEDERAL POLICE OF THE ESTADOS UNIDOS MEXICANOS EN VERDE OR ESTADOS UNIDOS MEXICANOS(EN VERDE LAS LETRAS) NUD
JOSE DE UNAMUNOI ME MATARON UNOS MIERDAS DE SEGURIDAD QUE DIJERON QUE ME ESTABAN APRESANDO PORQUE ELLOS ERAN DE LA GUARDIA DE SEGURIDAD DE VENUSTIANO CARRANZA, PORQUE ELLOS DECIAN QUE ERAN LOS BARBUDOS Y ELLOS ERAN LOS PIRATAS QUE LLEGARON DEL CARUIBE , CARILONA CARLOTA DE LAS NIEVES AQUI, ME MATARON PORQUE LOS BARBUDOS DE MIERDA ME DIJERON QUE CNNOI CIAN A LOS AUSTRIACOS SUS ENTIDADES Y ELLOS SETUVIERON MASTURBANDO CUANDO VIERON EL LOGOTIPO DE EL MATÓN TRAGON Y EL DRAGÓN MATÓN ES UN MIERDA QUE ESTUVO ASESINANDO A GENTE PARA CONSEGUIR SUS PLANTAS HIDROELECTRICAS QUE USO A SUS ALMAS PARA MATARLAS SUICIDANDOLAS DICIENDOLES QUE VIVIAN EN UN FUTURO ALTERNO Y QUE SE CUIDARAN EN VEZ DE SUICIDARAN Y LOS CONFUNDIÓ TANTO QUE LOS MATÓ ASÍ, Y ASI ES COMO LOS MATÓ YO NO CONOCER COMAS NI PUNTOS SOY BARBAJRA O BARBARJO O SOY EL BARBAÉGRO Y ASI ME DECIAN EN MI TIEMPO PROQUE NO HABLABAN EN OTRA LENGUA QUE DICEN QUE ERA COMO DEBE DE HABLARSE

+ MALDITOS PUTOS DE MIERDA PQUR USTEDES SON UNOS MIERDAS, PORQUE ESTUVIERON EN SECTORES QUE NO DEBÍAN DE ESTAR, PORQUE YO SÉ QUE USTEDES ESTABAN ASÍ DE MUERTOS, ... , EN SUS ALMAS, PORQUE USTEDES MANDARON A HACER LA PELÍCULA DE SPIRITS WITHIN, Y ENRIQUE SI LA VIÓ PERO NO LA VÉ CON DESDÉN Y CON EL PROBLEMA DE QUE ESO PASARÁ EN EL FUTURO O CON PREOCUPACIÓN DEL FUTURO, SINO LA VÉ CON LA FASCINACIÓN DE QUE SE VE BIEN LOS GRÁFICOS, NO CON LA IDEA DE QUE LOS QUE ESTUVIERON HA! PUTOS DE MIERA! USTEDES NI SIGUIERON LOS PASOS DE ENRQUE, PEDO! PUTA MIERDA! NO QUIERO YA SEGUIR ESTE CURSO DE MIERDA! PERO ALGO ME DICE QUE LO TERMINE, QUE YO SI LO DESCARGUÉ Y TENDRÉ MUCHO DINERO, PUES ES EL MEJOR, PUTAD MIERDA! VERGA! no mames! 

+ mire señor goku, soy un aliene que así me morí arrastrandome en mi mierda, porque esos alien, me dijeron que eran mis amigos, y luego luego fuí a verlos y me les presenté pero fuí con mas malas intenciones de mi parte porque ellos piensan mucho y se poenen mico a pensar de donde ir y se disgusan mucho de hacer lo mismo todo el tiempo porque ellos evolucionan mucho muy rápido, RAPIDÍSIMO! y ellos siempre peinan su pelo de fosrma rasras. PUTOS DE MIERDA! SON ]UNOS MIERDAS! EL SU ounta pimerda, me cacharon. MIREN PUTOS ALIEN DE MIERDA1! MIERDA! mierda! MIERDA1! ustedes asustaron a su tio cali el haciendo un dibujo de alien chido y el lo hizo sin estar conciendte del porque pero se dejó llevar porque estaba haciendo su curso de prgramación, y el no dejó iimpregnado el curso con malos sentimientos o sentidos, el ni le puso en se sentir de que hiba a puta, si lo puso, pero no lo hizo el, lo hizo el guio, ño. PUTAS! TIAS! DE MIERDA1! COMAN MIERDA TIAS DE MIERDA! USTEDES SON UNAS TIAS DE MIERDA ALIENIGENAS DEL DIA DE LA INDEPENDENCIA QUE SALIERON DE SUS CUEVAS CUANDO SE DECLARÓ QUE ERAN INDEPENDIENTES LOS HUMANOS DEL CONTINENTE AMERICANO, PORQUE ELLOS SE PUSIERON LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS DE AMERICA, CREYENDO QUE QUERÍAN CONQUISTAR TODA AMERICA.


